Add support for complex numbers in HSD (#1208)
dftbplus/dftbplus: doc/dftb+/manual/hsd.tex

  SomeInt2 = -3
  SomeRealFixedForm = 3.453
  SomeRealExpForm = 2.12e-45
  ComplexList = 4+9i  0.32-0.45i  3.2e-1+4.5e-1i  -1i  8.0
  Logical1 = Yes
  Logical2 = no
  SomeString = "this is a string value"
\end{verbatim}

As shown above, real numbers can be entered in either fixed or exponential

> form. Complex values are entered as two consecutive real numbers for the real

Reviewer: ```suggestion
form. Complex values are entered as two consecutive real valued numbers, one for the real
```

> part and the imaginary part, respectively, where the imaginary part must be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
part and the other for the imaginary component. The imaginary part must have
```

> suffixed by the letter \verb|i|.  No spaces are allowed between the two reals or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a suffix of the letter \verb|i|.  No spaces are allowed inside the complex number,
```

> between the imaginary part and the \verb|i| suffix, and the sign of the second

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the sign of the imaginary part
```

> number must be explicitly written out.  If one of the two numbers is zero, it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
must be explicitly written.  If one of the two numbers is zero, it
```

> can be left away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be left out.
```

> The value for logical properties can be either \verb|Yes| or \verb|No| (case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value for logical properties can be either \verb|Yes| or \verb|No| (and are case
```
